c:\users\xiaoshixin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Music.exe.config
c:\users\xiaoshixin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Interop.WbemScripting.dll
c:\users\xiaoshixin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\xiaoshixin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\xiaoshixin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\xiaoshixin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.Forms.Form1.resources
c:\users\xiaoshixin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\xiaoshixin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\xiaoshixin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Music.exe
c:\users\xiaoshixin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Music.pdb
c:\users\xiaoshixin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\bin\Debug\SunnyUI.dll
c:\users\xiaoshixin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\bin\Debug\SunnyUI.Common.dll
c:\users\xiaoshixin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\xiaoshixin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\xiaoshixin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.exe
c:\users\xiaoshixin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.pdb
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Music.exe.config
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Music.exe
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Music.pdb
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Interop.WbemScripting.dll
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.Forms.Form1.resources
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.exe
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.pdb
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\en-SI\Music.resources.dll
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.Forms.Form1.en-SI.resources
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\en-SI\Music.resources.dll
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\bin\Debug\en-SI\Music.resources.dll
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.Forms.Form1.en-SI.resources
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\en-SI\Music.resources.dll
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\SunnyUI.Common.dll
C:\Users\ShiXi\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Music.exe.config
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Interop.WbemScripting.dll
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.exe
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.pdb
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Music.exe
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Music.pdb
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\en-SI\Music.resources.dll
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\SunnyUI.dll
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\SunnyUI.Common.dll
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.Forms.Form1.resources
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.Forms.Form1.en-SI.resources
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\en-SI\Music.resources.dll
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Interop.Shell32.dll
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Interop.Shell32.dll
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\DirectShowLib.dll
C:\Users\XiaoShiXin\Desktop\Music\Music\bin\Debug\DirectShowLib.pdb
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Music.exe.config
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Interop.Shell32.dll
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Interop.WbemScripting.dll
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.exe
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.pdb
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Music.exe
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Music.pdb
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\bin\Debug\en-SI\Music.resources.dll
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\bin\Debug\DirectShowLib.dll
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\bin\Debug\SunnyUI.dll
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\bin\Debug\SunnyUI.Common.dll
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\bin\Debug\DirectShowLib.pdb
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Interop.Shell32.dll
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.Forms.Form1.resources
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.Forms.Form1.en-SI.resources
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\obj\Debug\en-SI\Music.resources.dll
E:\桌面文件\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\MusicPlayerGit\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Music.exe.config
E:\MusicPlayerGit\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Interop.Shell32.dll
E:\MusicPlayerGit\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Interop.WbemScripting.dll
E:\MusicPlayerGit\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
E:\MusicPlayerGit\Music\Music\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
E:\MusicPlayerGit\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
E:\MusicPlayerGit\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.exe
E:\MusicPlayerGit\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.pdb
